#summary About zip compressed theme

= Zip compressed theme =

Make a theme zip file (which is a normal "zip" file) containing various xml, png, jpg files that are named by rules described by this document. You can use that zip file as a !NemusLauncher theme.

== Theme-able items ==

 * application icons
 * workspace wallpaper image
 * all apps list background image
 * all apps button background & foreground images
 * pagemarker images 
 * images for !NemusLauncher *INTERNAL* widgets ( *NOT* Google !AppWidgets )

== Zip file location ==

Your theme zip file should be located as following

{{{
SDCARD_ROOT/nemuslauncher/themes/MY_BEAUTIFUL_THEME_NAME.zip
or
/mnt/sdcard/nemuslauncher/themes/My_fantastic_theme.zip
}}}

The exact file name can be *WHATEVER* you want, but must be ended with "*.zip*".


== Zip file structure ==

Theme zip file should contain following files or/and sub folders.

 * info.xml file
 * preview.png or preview.jpg file
 * wallpaper.png or wallpaper.jpg file
 * allapps_bg.png or allapps_bg.jpg file
 * drawable folder
 * icon folder
 * widget folder

*info.xml file is mandatory* and the others are all optional. You can safely omit optional files or folders if you don't want to customize those UI elements with your theme.

=== info.xml ===

Mandatory file that specifies *theme name* and *target dpi*.

Following is an info.xml excerption from a theme which is named "_!BlackAndWhite_" and has _240_ target dpi.
{{{
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<info>

<!-- Representative name that appears in the installed theme list -->
<name>BlackAndWhite</name>

<!-- target density : 120, 160, 240, 320
120 : low density :
160 : medium density : hTC G1 ...
240 : high density : Google NexusOne, Google NexusS, Samsung Galaxy S2, Motorola Droid ...
320 : ultra high density : Google GalaxyNexus ...
-->
<density>240</density>

</info>
}}}

!NemusLauncher will not allow to apply your theme if it's target dpi doesn't match your current device's dpi.


=== preview.png ===

You're encouraged to include *preview.png* or *preview.jpg* because it is representative icon when you select a theme from all the installed theme list.
 